Added skipJest option (#32)
pradel/create-react-app-esbuild: packages/craco-esbuild/README.md

          loader: 'jsx', // Set the value to 'tsx' if you use typescript 
          target: 'es2015',
        },

>         skipJest: true, // Optional. If you want to avoid modifying jest configuration

Reviewer: What do you think about this?
```suggestion
        skipEsbuildJest: false, // Optional. Set to true if you want to use babel for jest tests
```

Author: Looks good to me
